---
title: PayPal Payment Service
summary: Top up account via PayPal
authors:
    - Dzianis Kuziomkin
date: 2024-10-30
hide:
  - navigation
  - footer
---

# Introduction
This document outlines the business, stakeholder, and solution requirements, as well as the assumptions and risks, for the account funding via PayPal feature. <br>
It is intended for product managers, developers, quality assurance specialists, and other stakeholders. <br>
The text contains many technical terms, which are defined in the Glossary section for further clarity. You can refer to the [Glossary](./glossary.md) for detailed explanations of these terms. 

# Objective and solution concept
This section describes business requirements, success metrics and assumptions.
## Context
Bank X, our customer, aims to increase monthly user activity. They have identified that some of their users utilize the PayPal system in both their business and personal lives. As a result, Bank X wants to offer the option for users to fund their bank accounts via PayPal without incurring any commission.
## Business opportunity
Platform can differentiate itself on the market by offering PayPal payment services as a separate product on its Payment Platform, accessible through a single API. This could give Platform a competitive advantage.
## Success metrics
Within six months of implementation, ten percent of Platform customers subscribed to the PayPal service through the Payment Platform.
## Assumptions
- Customers will be interested in using the PayPal service through the Payment Platform.
- The PayPal service will be easy for customers to use and understand.
- Customers will trust the PayPal service and feel confident using it to fund their bank accounts.
- The Payment Platform will be able to handle the additional traffic and workload generated by the PayPal service.
- The PayPal service will be available and reliable during the implementation period.
- The integration of the PayPal service into the Payment Platform will be successful and will not cause any disruptions or issues.
## Limitations
- The System must provide PayPal money transfer service via single Platform API. 

## User Classes and Characteristics
- End Users - these are the individuals who will be using the system to make payments or receive payments through PayPal.
- Bank - this is a business that accepts payments through PayPal.
- Security Specialists - these are the individuals responsible for ensuring the security of a bank's systems and processes.
- Payment Monitoring Specialists - these are the individuals responsible identifying and preventing fraudulent or unauthorized payment transactions, as well as analyzing and reviewing payment trends and patterns to identify potential risks or vulnerabilities.
- Developers - these are the individuals responsible for integrating PayPal into the system.
- Quality assurance specialists - these are the individuals responsible for testing the PayPal integration to ensure that it is working correctly.

# Project Scope
```mermaid
---
title: Top Up Account
config:
  layout: dagre
  look: classic
  theme: neutral
---
    flowchart LR
        %% define actors
        C[fa:fa-user Client]

        subgraph " "
            direction TB
            %% define features
            A([Authorize API Consumer])
            T([Top Up Account])
            S([Show Order Details])
            CP([Capture Payment For Order])
            CO([Create Order])
            AP([Authorize Payment])
        end

        %% define relationships
        C --> A
        C --> T
        C --> S
        T -.include.-> CP
        T -.include.-> CO
        CO -.extend.-> S
        CP -.include.-> AP
      
```

**Product Features**:

- The client can authorize themselves
- The client can top up account via PayPal:
   - Create order
   - Capture payment for order
     - Authorize payment for order
 - The client can fetch order details
   - Show order details
  